final experiment that I want to mention to you is our fan of study
and so did about 10 years ago and became very well known and I'm
going to show you the first experiment that we did Miss Betty sauerbraten we
started out with capuchin monkeys
so what do we do this we put two capuchin monkey side-by-side again these
animals that live in a group they know each other be taken out of
the group put them in a test chamber and there's a very simple task
that they need to do and if you give both of them cucumber for
the task the two monkey side-by-side the perfectly willing to do this 25 times
in a row even though it's really only water in my opinion which is
perfectly fine for them grapes and if you give them a better food than
you create an equity between them. We did recently we video tape it turned
out to be right the one on the left is a monkey who gets
to come to the one on the right is it going to get scrapes
the one who gets killed at the first piece of cucumber is perfectly fine
the first PC
done CiCi's the other one getting rape and you will see what happens
so she gives a rocks of us that's the task and we gave her
a piece of to Comanche eats it the other one needs to give a
rock to us
and that's what she does
and she gets a grape
the other one sees that she gives a rock to us now guess again
cucumber
she tests Rock now against the wall you need to give it to us
I don't think it's cucumber again
so this is basically the Wall Street protest that you see here